hey everybody welcome back to my channel
me with my daughter ania and we're going
to try everything from the nature box
well just about everything I don't want
to open everything cuz i picked up a lot
of things we're going to try the salt
and vinegar veggie chips and we're going
to try the crunchy BBQ twist i did not
show you everything else that i bought
this is dried california peaches
cranberry almond bites strawberry
lemonade from Sir I've already tried
these in these are so delicious i love
these are so good big island pineapple
in dried mango so I mean do you want to
try this alright anyways we're doing to
it let's try the salt and vinegar
babysit first so this is that comes in
so we'll try this one first takeaway
smell good their veggie chips they're
not potatoes ready 123 mmm I like them
this is what she said what he looked
like that me they're really good anyone
so we say yesterday those are very good
[Applause]
Frankie BBQ twist those they smell like
a pork rinds can we do it x 800mm your
super BBQ oh these are seasoned lentil
flour twist okay yeah oh no I can take
two active texture yeah it's like I do
not excellent i don't like that dried
mango I thought it was just a few books
know its nature box is not a fruit box
they have like all my stuff but i just
clicked from everything that was vegan
oh that's not this was like uh angles no
it don't smell like mega earlier yeah
that's what it smells like we don't care
we're both just to a half of it maybe
you would huh mmm I map the Hat is buck
from her when we're finished you got
those crunchy BBQ Swiss I don't like
them that's very good mmm that's very
good I guess we just want to try
everything cranberry almond bites
[Applause]
cuz late little rice krispies put this
hat oh no just popping email doesn't I
don't like that jugglers good know what
has to hide you from her something
mentally wrong with you anyways dry
California peaches I don't like those
[Applause]
you can have them oh he's peachy smelly
Darla what makes you think I want to
smell it
I don't like that one just this is like
the only thing I want to spit out now
and I like that now my friend
recommended that i bought is pineapple
please let the pineapple be good like
how can you miss a pineapple teachers
are discussing still in my mouth I want
to spit it out I'd like the whole thing
your arm touch my ID I want it no more
holy crap these
[Applause]
are you yeah that bug no those are okay
oh look at that appt up two bags means
up already Egbert back that's not good
they work and we'll just wrong now
Batman they're very good these are good
fruit stars like fruit snacks already
happy I know what they're very good so
be like these different snack smells a
call pineapple is just okay the peaches
next to do I can get over the weights or
someone dried mango was delicious the UM
invites are disgusting well I won't say
disgusting I agate you like them yeah I
didn't like these crunchy what a few
twists but I did like to be either very
good so well thanks for watching
everyone one another one no don't forget
to Like comment and subscribe hi